# Combined_Cylce_Power_Plant-Regression_Algorithm
Hi!
Here I am going to build a multiple regression model in order to show that I understood all the ICT4Devz 2nd Edition lessons on Data Mining, and by that show that I deserve to be certificated.
I hope you like it ;)  .

# DataSet and description
My work will all be on a dataset I found in UCI repositories by the  name of 'Combined Cycle Power Plant' in which I have basically create a model that can predict by four atributes (which we'll see in the description), a fifth value, that is the net hourly electrical energy output (EP)  of the plant.

Ambient Temperature (AT)
Ambient Pressure (AP)
Relative Humidity (RH)
Exhaust Vacuum (V)
Net hourly electrical energy output (EP)

# DataSet description by the dataset donner
The dataset contains 9568 data points collected from a Combined Cycle Power Plant over 6 years (2006-2011), when the power plant was set to work with full load. Features consist of hourly average ambient variables Temperature (T), Ambient Pressure (AP), Relative Humidity (RH) and Exhaust Vacuum (V) to predict the net hourly electrical energy output (EP)  of the plant.
A combined cycle power plant (CCPP) is composed of gas turbines (GT), steam turbines (ST) and heat recovery steam generators. In a CCPP, the electricity is generated by gas and steam turbines, which are combined in one cycle, and is transferred from one turbine to another. While the Vacuum is colected from and has effect on the Steam Turbine, he other three of the ambient variables effect the GT performance.
For comparability with our baseline studies, and to allow 5x2 fold statistical tests be carried out, we provide the data shuffled five times. For each shuffling 2-fold CV is carried out and the resulting 10 measurements are used for statistical testing.
We provide the data both in .ods and in .xlsx formats.